Extend release notes: Add breaking API changes in 0.4.7 (#2494)
Napari/napari: docs/release/release_0_4_6.md

- The ViewerModel is now a Pydantic BaseModel and so subclassing the Viewer might require
reading some of the [Pydantic BaseModel documentation](https://pydantic-docs.helpmanual.io/usage/models/).
Otherwise the API of the ViewerModel is unchanged.

> - If a magicgui-annotated function took an `napari.layers.Image` as parameter, this included `napari.layers.Labels` layers. Starting with 0.4.6, developers have to change the accepted parameter type to `napari.layers.Layer` if they want to consume images and labels. Note: in this way, also other layers will show up in the magicgui-generated pulldown. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Because `Labels` no longer inherit from `Image` (#2307), magicgui function
  parameters annotated as `napari.layers.Image` will no longer include
  `napari.layers.Labels` layer types in the dropdown menu. (`napari.layers.Layer`
  may still be used to show all layer types in the magicgui-generated dropdown
  menu.)
```
